What is up guys and walk a mile.
So in this video we are going to be adding a contact form.
OK let's just come here and refresh this page
Okay.
And here you can see that we cannot add a form from this tab.
You can see that we don't have the option to add a form.
OK.
So we basically want to go with a plug in.
And that plug in will have different styles and the form.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit adenine section and let's add
this.
And so here we want to install a plugin.
OK what do you have to do we have to just go to I.
And Zele dot com.
And then it will take you to new page here we go.
You can see and then I have to go to the dashboard.
And then I have to go to the plug ins.
And now we have to hit add Neal.
So we basically need to add a plug in and that plug in would be a contact form so that I can add a contact
form and if someone enters his information that contact form will send me an email.
So here you go.
Contact from.
So this is the plug in that I personally use that I use for all of my clients.
OK so that is why I used this plug in for all of my kind so I'll be going up at this plug in.
You can go with any of the plug in that you want to but conduct phone 7 is the most used plug in.
And I would recommend you to go with this.
OK.
Let's go ahead and let's after installing You have just said activate and you can see that this plug
in will be activated.
There you go you can see that it takes contact form 7.
The elementary notion extra plug in everything is installed and activated.
So this blue line this is coming this shows that the plug in is the normal plug and you can see everything
is coming right here.
OK.
Now what I have to do I have to just come here to settings you can just come here or you can directly
come here to the contact and you have to hit contact forms.
OK.
And then you can see that it sees the contact from one.
So we don't want to add this.
We just want to add a new form.
We have to just add Neal.
OK.
And there we can see that it says and title here we have the label.
We have the text area.
We have e-mail.
We have the subject.
And then we have the message.
So what I want I want here.
So it would be your name then the label would be or email and everything.
So I wanted a title here.
The title was going to be higher me from OK and here should be your name should be your e-mail address
here should be an e-mail address and there should be the subject and it should be the message.
So what I want right now on this subject for this subject I want to hear this and instead I want to
add a text area.
OK.
And on the text area I want to ask the client to enter his business information or his business name.
So I'm going to select this and I'm going to hit text.
OK.
And this text area can be required field.
And this this name is going to be USA any SS business name.
So you can just enter any names right here and this is going to be a business name.
OK.
And then the default value can be anything
slits had a placeholder so placeholder can be your be you will say this is this thing or just choose
the default one just uncheck this.
OK.
So you can see that it takes text and then business name.
So this is our field name.
OK.
We can make this field required if we want to.
Now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit insert Dagh so you can see that it's a text.
And the business name.
OK.
And now what I have to do I have to just remove this next subject.
And you can see that in the label.
I have the subject instead of this.
I want to change this to B.
B U S I N E S S isn't the same.
So you can change it to be like your business name
your business thing.
OK.
And what I have to do now I want to just skim here and I want to hit save so that everything is saved
right now and I can see that it saves copy the Shard Gordon based it into your post page or text widget.
I'm just going to copy this.
OK.
I'm just going to copy this and I'm going to come here and what I want I want to just come down and
here take the short cord.
I want to just track it and drop it right here.
And what I have to do I have to paste this right here.
OK.
And I want to apply
so you can see that this is how my form is looking.
So this was very easy.
I just saved the form and I'm saving this.
You can see that it gave me a copy of code I copied that code.
I just Krabbe this short cord I drag and drop it right here.
And then I paste that code and you can see that the form is coming right here.
This is how my form is looking.
You can see my first name your name your e-mail your business name and then your message that this is
exactly same.
We have the label we have your name we have your e-mail.
We have label your business name and we have your message.
So it is everything exactly you can add anything pretty well.
So if we want to add one more thing and what I'm going to do I'm just going to go down now.
And here I want to add this.
Just basically want to copy this because I want to add something.
So I'm just going to go I'm here I'm going to paste it right here and this should be.
Select the service you are on.
Select this service you want.
OK.
And then here I just want to come here and I want to remove this OK.
And here I want to add anything so I can add text area I can add sorry that text I can I'd email like
can add that you were like can I tell number I can add that number.
Can I take textarea drop down menu.
The check box says radio burden's acceptance quiz recap chuff file submit.
So I'm just going to add the dropdown menu because I want to add the dropdown menu.
OK.
And this is going to be the menu name the field name basically is going to be service service.
So this field type can be a required field OK.
And the options that I want to add here would be web design.
OK.
So you can see that it saves one per line.
So I'm just going to add a new one and that is going to be.
Sorry.
And that should be graphic design.
OK.
And now what I have to do I have just said insert that.
So you can see that it has been inserted select service.
This is the name and the web design and SEO graphic design.
And I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to save.
So here we go you can see that it has been saved.
And now when I come in I come here and I refresh this I basically save it and now I have to just come
here and open up this space.
So I'm going to open up iTunes yelled up com slash hire me.
OK.
And on visiting this page you can see how many pages looking so he sees your name your e-mail your business
name and select the service you want.
So he can add the web design and graphic design and then he has to enter his message and then he has
to click send and his message is going to be sent out.
OK.
And now we have to work on come here to the mail.
So this is how we want to work with this.
So it takes two.
So the mail is going to be send to this e-mail address.
It will be from.
And then WordPress at iTunes dot com.
So it will be from in full insight into dot com and this subject is going to be 10 Ziel or Amman.
And then this is going to be your subject so this is going to be the subject is going to be in a new
form or request has been submitted.
Okay.
And then I have the reply to reply to will be your e-mail so if I click that the CEO or the person who
has the mail receives I'll be receiving this e-mail and when I click this e-mail it will be replied
to this depression e-mail address which will be entered in this area.
Like if someone will enter his email and have a reply then it will be replied to this guy's email address.
That's him here.
Let's go down and it will be from this guy's name.
The subject would be this and the message body will be in your message board.
OK so I want to add something.
So I'm going to come here.
I'm just going to go on here and on Ted and this will be the USA any SS business name.
So in the business name I want to add the business name right here.
So just copy this
and paste it.
Let's go down and have the service
disservices I want OK.
And this is going to be a disservice copy and paste and the message body is going to come here.
So this is how our message board is going to look like this e-mail was sent from our contact form on
the DRAM on this Web site
him here and let's save and he can see that it has been saved.
And then we have the messages that if someone that the sender message was sent successfully then it
will say thank you your message.
Thank you for your message.
It has been sent.
OK let's try our contact form basically.
OK.
I want to add my name right here.
My e-mail is going to come here.
And the business name would be and the server San Juan from Hill is a graphic design and I want to add
the message to be I need a sexy logo.
OK.
I want to come here and I want to hit send.
Here we go.
Thank you.
You're mistaking you for your message.
It has been sent.
So now when I will check my e-mail it will be an email recording I this form that someone has submitted
a contact form OK.
I'm just going to get here two more and let's come here to spam and you can see that it is a new form
request has been submitted.
OK I'm just gonna come here and it from name is this subject is your subject business name is this disservices
I won is graphic design and the message body is I need a sexy logo so this is how it is working.
So this is coming in this spam.
I don't know why I'm just going to come here.
I don't want this spam
not spam.
OK.
So now you can see that this is coming right here you can see.
And a new form request has been submitted.
OK so thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And now we have done with we're done with the contact form and our contact form is right here.
So now we also want to add a pop up pray here so that if someone just come here and he is on a mobile
device then he should be redirected to the higher Me page.
We're going to make some at it.
And if someone is on the computer then it should show a pop up pray here.
So it's going to be amazing.
I'm going to show you how can you do that.
And this can be done with plug ins.
So the more plug ins you have the more functionalities you can add.
OK so this is how the plugins work and the designing stuff can be done with this elementary.
OK so after that we'll be moving on further further further.
We'll build so many websites will build so many different folks that I'm going to show you everything
in this complete WordPress course because this is the complete word.
Bruce Gordon I'm going to show you everything that any type of website can be build onboard.
So thanks a lot guys and goodbye.